well the 8-inch gulps and when folks
presents a logistical challenge here as
far as rigging goes and I'm going to go
back to that little darter head well
anywhere from a quarter ounce to
three-eighths again and lace it on there
very very carefully the interesting
thing is that when the fish attack this
they're going to attack up the head
anyway so you've got a lot of tail
action but again when they come in
they're going to make a frontal attack
and you've got that very very sharp
little owner darter head ready to go
this is the way I'm going to rig it this
is the way I'm going to fish it here on
the West Coast folks the the gulp
sandworm actually replicates an
invertebrate known as our blood worm and
I like to use this big 8 inch or I'm
fishing it similar to I the way I fished
the jerk shad only instead of really
letting it sink through the water column
and counting on my strikes there I want
this one to actually sink more on the
bottom and actually actually rest on the
sand and then what I'll do is I'll just
kind of snap the rod a little bit small
though torques with the the reel handle
to make it jump and pop fishing with
again the little garter head about
anywhere from a quarter ounce on up to
about three-eighths ounces but again the
contrast to the jerk bait where I'm
throwing out and just planning on
strikes on the sink with the Gulf's and
more especially this big 8 inch or what
I'm doing is working it closer to the
bottom you catch a halibut sand bass
calico bass and even like sea bass on it
but keep it towards the bottom
now remember folks the key on the
sandworm is to keep it along the bottom
and just kind of creep it and pop pop it
once in a while like that there you go
there that's a nice fish too that fish
was just right on the bottom right on
the bottom let's see what we got here
oh nice calico look at that there we go
there we go just inhale that sandworm
again yeah get it right at the head
where you supposed to what I'm talking
about right there
here we go beautiful fish whoo is that a
nice fish look at that